[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So I'd recommend
while you're doing the exercise just
keep this up.
All the logic that you
need exists right here.
And just so you know, we saw how
much code it took to do merge sort,
that's about half as much code
to do Quicksort, just FYI.
And it's probably gonna
be done in one function.
I did it all in one function so
I imagine you're going to
do it all one function too.
Okay, so go ahead and open your exercise.
>> Brian Holt: Like that.
>> Brian Holt: Again, no visualization
helper here, unfortunately.
>> Brian Holt: And this is just gonna
kind of recap to you what Quickssort is.
Please use xdescribe or
else you're gonna have a bad day.
Or at least crash tabs.
And we'll give you another
20 minutes to do this.